[Music]
here are the seven most banned dog
breeds around the world man's best
friend his canine companion what's not
to love about dogs they're loyal kind
and just so darn cute unfortunately
though there are certain breeds that
have been labeled although many people
would argue mislabeled as dangerous and
some have even been banned in certain
places let's see who the top offenders
are but before we start don't forget to
subscribe to our channel and turn on
notifications so that you won't miss any
of our new videos counting down from
number seven the Brazilian Mastiff also
known as the Fila Brasileiro this dog is
a large working breed that hails from
Brazil it has extraordinary tracking
abilities making it a great hunter but
this big guys unpredictable temperament
and aggressive tendencies have put it on
the dangerous dog list what's
interesting though is that the first
year of a Brazilian Mastiffs life can
make a huge difference like that of many
dogs if the puppy gets plenty of
positive socialization with people and
other dogs early on the chances of it
being aggressive when it grows up
decreased significantly
they're extremely loyal too which is a
bit of a double-edged sword since it
will attack people if it means
protecting its owner and family lack of
socialization on the other hand can have
serious consequences and that's why the
Brazilian Mastiff has been officially
banned in countries like Denmark Israel
the UK and Norway among others number
six the Czechoslovakian wolfdog these
gorgeous dogs are a mix of German
Shepherd and Carpathian wolf and they're
actually a relatively new dog breed it
was originally created for secret
military operations for Czechoslovakia
special forces in 1955 but it's also
been used throughout Europe and the
United States for search and rescue
tracking and haunting Czechoslovakian
wolfdog czar very outgoing and brave but
since they're part wolf they're really
unpredictable in one situation they
might react like a dog
but in others like a wolf this explains
their intense drive to attack prey which
is where all the fuss is coming from
there have been many attacks by this
wolf dog hybrid especially on little
kids since you know easy vulnerable prey
these days the Czechoslovakian wolfdog
is prohibited in Norway number five the
tosa inu toeses are massive dogs that
originated from japan they can weigh
between 130 and 200 pounds and are
considered a pretty rare breed kind of
like sumo wrestlers huh they were bred
to be fighting dogs which explains why
they're so quiet you see in Japanese dog
fighting the rules call for complete
silence they can also be pretty
aggressive towards other dogs they deem
intruders this breed needs an
authoritative owner that's firm and
confident nonetheless they're great with
their owners family and they get very
protective over kids in the house they
do attack though and it's not a pretty
sight when they do these dogs have
extremely powerful jaws and teeth one
eight year old girl from Moscow was
tragically killed by a Tosa in 2006 and
since that's far from the only case of
Atossa killing or seriously maiming a
person this breed has been banned in the
UK Australia Norway Iceland New Zealand
and many other countries
number four the American Bulldog
American Bulldogs descend from the old
English Bulldog weighing between 60 and
120 pounds these muscular dogs with
their big square heads are as strong as
they look they usually have a confident
and active temperament building a tight
bond with their owner but their
potential aggression can be a problem
which is why it's highly recommended for
American Bulldog owners to thoroughly
socialize their new pups with other dogs
and cats as early and frequently as
possible to lower their risk of behavior
issues later on American Bulldog attacks
unfortunately aren't that rare in August
2016 a three-year-old boy died of his
injuries after one of these dogs
viciously attacked him while a
nine-year-old boy barely survived his
attack in October 2017
stories like these led Denmark and
Singapore to legally ban this Bri number
three the pitbull pitbull is sort of an
overarching label since there are
literally tons of mixes out there like
the American Pitbull Terrier and the
American Bully and just like Tosa Eno's
they were originally created as fighting
dogs even though nowadays dogfighting is
banned in most countries pitbulls are
still being bred to fight to the death
in illegal underground fights their
severe aggression due to this horrible
upbringing has put them on the doggie
blacklist all over the world including
in Miami and the UK and there are
serious reasons for it according to a
review released by the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention in 2000
pit bull-type dogs were identified in
around one-third of all dog related
fatalities over an 11-year period and
that's in the US alone this is exactly
why this dog has a bad rap as a
dangerous killer but on a personal note
I have a pitbull mix named Riley who is
the sweetest dog I've ever had like I
said earlier everything about the dog
revolves around the owners intent and
training of the dog good training good
behavior bad or no training well watch
out number 2 the Rottweiler the
Rottweiler is one of the oldest herding
breeds there is these dogs are all about
balance intelligence protection and
courage according to the American
Rottweiler club this dog isn't for
everybody because it requires a calm and
stable pack leader they need
socialization training and plenty of
challenges Rottweilers are exceptional
guard dogs a two-year-old wot Wyler was
even recognized for his bravery by the
UK's RSPCA
for protecting a woman from an attacker
by leading his owner to the street and
guarding the victim until the police
arrived however there are
Rottweiler attack cases as well
according to the American Veterinary
Medical Association Rottweilers were
involved in 33 fatal attacks on people
over a seven-year period they've even
been called the deadliest dog out there
because of these concerns this breed is
banned in Poland Romania Portugal and
Ireland number one the canary Mastiff
canary Mastiffs were originally bred for
herding livestock male dogs can reach a
maximum weight of 160 pounds and females
up to 154 pounds just like pretty much
all the breeds on this list
these dogs are affectionate and loving
with their owners and suspicious of
strangers however even this isn't always
the case in August 2006 a 30 year old
California woman was killed by her own
canary Mastiff in April 2017 there was a
similar case of a 40 year old woman in
Spain being attacked and killed by her
own dog - and those aren't the only
recorded attacks out there this breed
has been identified for attacking pretty
much anybody from children to grown men
the risk wasn't worth it for Australia
and New Zealand both of whom officially
banned this dog break so what do you
think is to blame for these violent
incidents these breeds nature or
irresponsibility on the part of the
owners tell us your thoughts in the
comments below and don't forget to hit
the like button and join us for more
right here on the bright side of luck